## Website :

A Collection of web pages,These pages are linked together with hyperlinks. its call **WEBSITE.**

A website has a unique domain name, and we can access it bu entering that domain name in the URL.

## Web Pages :

A webpage is a document written in HTML and can be viewed on any web browser.

it is contained within the web server, which can be accessed by entering the URL for that web page, and once it is Loaded, it appears on the user's web browser.

Each webpage is linked with a unique URL.

## Web Browser :

A web browser or simply browser is application software used to access the internet.

it connects to a web server on the internet and reqests a page that the user wants to view.

**EX** : Google Chrome , Brave Browser, Internet Explorer, FireFox.

## Web Server :

Web servers are primarily used to process and manage HTTP/HTTPS reqests and responses from the client system.

Web server can store and protect critical website data from unauthorized users.

## HTML

HTML Stands **Hyper Text Markup Language.**

HTML is the most basic building block of the Web.

it defines the meaning and structure of web content.

Html uses markup to annotate text, images, and other content for display in a Web browser.

| Advantages                | Disadvantages                   |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| Easy to Learn And Use     | Limited functionality           |
| supported by all browsers | No support for Offline Browsing |
| simple syntax             | lack of interactivity           |
| SEO - friendly            | limited design capability       |

### CSS

CSS **Cascading Style Sheets**

CSS is the language that is used to style HTML documents. in simple words, CSS are a language used to simplify the process of making a webpage.

CSS can Control the colour of text and style of fonts, and we can control the spacing between the paragraph and many more things.

CSS is easy to understand but provides strong control on the HTML documents. CSS is combined With HTML.

| **Advantages**            | **Disadvantages**                |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| Better Website Speed      | Cross - Browser Issues           |
| Easier to Maintain        | Security Issues                  |
| Consistent Design         | Extra Work for Developers        |
| Better Device Compatility | Confusion due to many CSS levels |
